hi guys and welcome back to another
video if you are new here
my name is Olivia Jarvis in today's
video it is going to be another food
challenge today is going to be healthy
green foods for the next 24 hours I just
had to do some going away this week I
didn't want to do like a really
unhealthy no is go so so bad straight
after those I just thought agreement
would be quite cool and actually as I
was googling like the only sort of green
foods I could think of were like super
super healthy no thinking I can't live
off like salad leaves for a day sounds
given it and actually there's so many
health benefits of doing like a green
foods like it it's called like a green
cleanse I always put a story from
Instagram I've got loads of ideas from
there and I'm gonna head to the Aldi and
test go out and go shopping see it also
it just seems still a bit weird like
vlogging in my new house and still get a
nice tat and there's just quite a lot of
about good lighting spots a maliciously
loving life right now but yeah I've just
been looking and there's literally like
the green the green diet may be the best
cleanse ever and it's supposed to be
like an anti-aging and to inflammatory
crafted for women like a detox basically
and its really good for fluid retention
congested sinuses cravings abdominal
bloating brain fog actually it's those
green kind is good for acne this could
be interesting because my skin's been
particularly bad lately I think mainly
because I've been quite stressed and
like moving house is quite stressful in
itself so it could be down to that but
I'll take you with me to the shops and
yeah just get started so I've just got
to Aldi and I'm just trying to give all
like some green food options because I
really can't think of any and literally
all that is coming up is erm some nice
tasting you know Whole Foods
I'm gonna make life a smoothie and get
stuff to going that a whole food wise
like you you don't have any meat that's
green
any I'm not feeling that jumper anymore
then put it off so I'm just outside
Tesco it's pretty busy actually there's
so many people about and I went into
Aldi got on my green bits it was quite
like I didn't when I get to Nina like
vegetables like the leafy things because
that's just obviously not gonna fill me
orient it so I've got quite a lot of
fruit also it doesn't design let's just
always have like a bobble on there is
that's where I'll be my coffin with a
bobble on my wrist
pop into Tesco and see if we can get
some more like exciting stuff I'm
thinking like did like green chocolate
or something like you guys must know by
now how much I am obsessive chocolate
and I have to have chocolate in my
everyday food routine well she had a
green stalks whereas others like a guy
and like a yellowy green hive is like hi
hon can I borrow your jacket please
thank you down the wine are actually
seven young blonde keen green or it's a
B first and then I've got quite a lots
of that I always think how D is so so
good for like snacks just in general you
know I mean they've got really good
crisps and they always have like loads
of cool crisp so that really lonely like
all options and so I've got these like P
P snacks see sort of innovates not five
hopefully these would be green I thought
I've had so many funny looks like have
like OCD with green stuff and I kept
home to ask for likes it didn't have it
also got me thinking as well I was
obviously I couldn't get any meat today
and I usually have meat in my diet so we
don't feel like I'm ever gonna be full
I've just got back and this is this
doesn't actually look appealing at all
and just it's so easy I'll talk you
through so I only spent I can't believe
it actually hi sorry bit close I only
spent literally time had something in
Aldie I can really go to so cheap and I
did get you know it quite a lot so I was
pretty impressed I was thinking I reckon
if you're vegan or ever it's so much
cheaper than eating meat like also maybe
more so than me but Mason for example he
so much meat so like we always have to
buy so much was
spend a lot on food a plan blow
everything I bought until after me the
full day so I don't think most too bad
Brussels sprouts some granny smith apple
they still love these one of the kids
are so nice and sweet some sugar snap
peas a cucumber some pesto I'll go
really nice with some pastor P me
through my Kiwis in forever as well
mixed chilies obviously I'm really gonna
have the green ones not the red and
avocado some celery some olives
I absolutely love olive I already have
some broccoli in I gots pickled gherkins
love the heat snacks from Aldi sea salt
and vinegar and some white grapes which
I did actually start eating in the car I
found these Aero yogurts in Tesco I
don't usually if you notice sludge pit
mix of a green I already had some
courgettes in and then loads of them
spinach and also some curly kale and
some spinach linguini so yeah don't know
how this is gonna go I'm just gonna try
that milk breakfast now I feel bit sick
so many great I don't need that many at
once I'm just so hungry and I haven't
mean I have a coffee this morning so
yeah breakfast but I'm not actually
excited can't find out any recipes that
don't need milk and stuff like that I
put some grapes in Oh
celery is supposed to so good for your
skin right over and almost raving about
and like celery juice for breakfast
I put quite a lot I put like four four
things of salary and I'll just chop them
up and wash them I promise you the
choctaw actually how is sitting around
together because I can't I've not got
any liquid I'll blend this a little bit
and then add more in
[Music]
see that doesn't look too bad I was
going to add some like matcha powder but
I feel like it just got that really
horrible green tonight I'm gonna add
some more like tasty stuff to it
horrible
it smells like grass you're right grass
was just being cooked okay this is it
finished bad something little bit lights
hanging you know so guys this is
breakfast ash doesn't look bad in here I
probably order this or something like
that okay green smoothie I had green -
before you know it's got like honey in
and it's fine so let's try here
Oh Oh sweetie wall
I have no no it can't taste the Apple a
so I was hoping that that sort out oh
that literary taste like I put my own
with lawn mower lawn ryegrass into a
blender and just sit to it that's what
it takes I I bet we've got tomorrow we'd
like blowing skin I mean I'm pretty sure
I've tasted worse definitely but but I
think it's just too much salary that is
so nasty
oh it's not chilly as well they're
everything in here I do actually like on
its own but I wonder why it tastes so
awful that all mixed up together on the
other food challenges of doom usually
breakfast goes down the treat that that
was just brutal it's now a lunchtime and
I'm actually with hungry as you can
roommate like pesto with aubergine and
chillies opportunites on what you know -
some olives in and just and then I'll
probably have like seafood so I think
you can't really go wrong or just like I
guess spinach thing going you don't have
spinach in believe it might be like how
it tastes good we actually live on it I
just put the pasture in in boiling hot
water and then I'll just cook that for
three minutes and then I'm just
literally gonna fry some closure for
like this only takes like two or three
minutes to do so I'm just waiting for
all up to cup and I'm actually looking
for words that I hope that takes really
sorry if you can see that here that
extracts a pan but now I think I'm just
gonna tuck into some piece snaps sea
salt and vinegar but never had these
before but hopefully they'll be quite
nice
so they actually write that slightly
green I wasn't sure I was worried
thinking that they're not gonna be like
all green hmm hell it just tastes like
salt and vinegar crisps they really
can't they remind me of bone like fish
and chips mushy peas I'm gonna fit in on
that Boger also comment below do you
think Kiwi goes in the fridge or do you
leave it out because I think I leave it
out but mmm
good night you want cold fruit you know
so this is how it's come out and it
actually looks okay so I'm just gonna
put them pesto sauce on it and put my
toppings on and see what it looks like
now do you know what that kind of this
looks just like a meal that you'd like
you'd whip up like with the last things
in your cupboard or something but I
actually this is going to be quite nice
and it smells really good like I think
pesto sauce makes such a big difference
like you can just make any dish with
that it was seriously like my go-to when
I was in living in my first year at uni
right guys I've literally gone all out
here what the hell is that what is that
it looks like swamp water or like what
even is that it was it's actually
Mason's like weird Chinese tea and I
have that fact day or surely he cannot
be that color I bet you guys are so
jealous what on earth what is that
seriously that is just I don't know if I
dare drink that okay right so here you
go like school
that isn't oh I know doesn't really
taste anything - he said I think it
could be out of date - no from me this
though this actually does look really
nice
I think if that had some cheese on I
think it'd be even nicer but it is
really good
pesto Jim this isn't a lot when you
think he's not I feel like healthy for
some reason today it wouldn't be my
go-to meal that's for sure dick close
that one gonna we could let you see my
bottom do you guys even there's no I'm
drinking that I think that's partially
out of date don't limit myself ill
whatever I don't even know what's gone
on there that's come from our old house
moving moving as well so God knows
what's going on there I actually
wouldn't mind doing the vegan challenge
after this like I think it'd be quite
this abrasive your beat work from its
figure that went down really well I
actually go as far saying I've quite
enjoyed that feel like I need some more
protein in my life but yeah that's fill
me up and I'm gonna head to the gym and
then I don't know what we're gonna have
for my dinner now because the plan was
actually to have that for dinner but I
have to pick something else look that
it's just not going anywhere near me
actually that I don't even know those
it's due to age it seems to be changing
color by the minute I just renewed some
work and I've just got changed I'm
wearing my proteins that I'm gonna go
for the gym can we just take a minute
it's nearly seven o'clock and it up
would you look at that not pitch black
Wow I just had a bit of a tidier and
yeah I'm gonna head to the gym I opted
to go back to the old have and grab some
stuff so I kept you in if I ever not
will have this jumper on literally what
purchase like and low all the time just
finished off something great they were
meant to be for the road but obviously
the Morrigan turn the car on hi guys so
I have just got home and all my that
from the gym I had a really good workout
I did manage to film because the chicken
it balanced my camera and kids but I
picked up some lightly salted veggie
tortilla chips they have some green ones
in but has tried the selection of sweet
potato and beet wrote B to Patricia Tate
like tall t-shirts and they're covered
in salt and you know like the ones that
makes the outside the mouth each then
wonder what else I'm going to have like
she's been a key not a breeze and time
as well
bloody hell it's nine o'clock yeah it
took me quite a while to get back I've
still been going to my other gyms I
haven't changed over and also I think
I'm going to Hong Kong tomorrow so it's
right but I need to get organized and
order some stuff off pretty little thing
before it's ten o'clock that is a must
next day delivery ends them so I'm gonna
have these whilst of try and think of a
solution because per quart and the
fridge is just oh my god these looks
really nice just allow the bits of
chocolate okay
those green is will get in I love arrow
chocolate this is so nice does it really
taste like anything to a chocolate
though I'm hung over like yogurt since
talked about because they never really
feel you up doing the other just like
eating air they're so unfeeling and
don't know not what a satisfying about
if you're gonna say something have a
cake or something lot little thing hmm
I kind of resorted to I'm just gonna
have to have like a mix of veggies and
some gherkins actually used to love
these I also be obsessed with these
how heavenly is that pill out that is a
really nice avvocato hood so I've just
put like the light of greenery into a
hat
seriously he'll fly so in here put some
brussel sprouts
Oh steam you know pee snap things kale
and I do call out kale and then some
broccoli at the bottom well that was a
fail because they're ripen at home ones
never ever had a meal like this so all
the veg some olives some green tortilla
chips avocado and cucumber like
[Music]
what's nasty I hope she caught you
anymore actually quite full though yeah
I'm actually weirdly I feel so full
right now but I was just so it so
tasteless and bland so I'm gonna end
this vlog here that was a really tough
one because I just couldn't find that
much and I couldn't even open the pickle
jar like it had the pickle jar have like
something safety lock I couldn't even
get in that if you haven't already I'd
really appreciate it if you could give
this video a big thumbs up and subscribe
to my channel and if you want to see any
other such hand video so definitely let
me know in the comments down below and
I'll see you guys in the next video